do not
this story really happened I lived it
well I was just a spectator in everything
what happened and luckily I did not go
the victim good to the point I will tell my
story in 2008 I had a friend
called Fabricio and that was about three
years bigger than me at that time
Fabricio was 15 years old and I only had
12 years old he was someone who played a lot
the counter strike loved to play it
but one day he was surfing the
white page where they always do
propaganda servers then put a go
from a server called the server of
hell
Fabricio was as curious as me and he
was and wanted to enter the server I
I was looking at him while putting the
iii and it was loaded but something happened
totally unexpected in the middle of the
bar on top
in a red color and it looked like blood that
he sang in his blood a very poetry
disturbing hello I am the devil and after
these words speak to us are you putting
at stake your life as it is a journey of
I went for the fright I went to my house and
that I hate this kind of thing because
they end up scary it was a new day and
there was sun and it was beautiful everything was kept
well until 4 o'clock in the afternoon when he came
Fabricio to my house even though it was
Black was white as a zombie and was
depressed seeing him in that state was
pale and cold my mom was surprised at
see him like that and he called his house but the
line was cut then my mother and
I sat at the table and
we prepare a coffee to fabricio and well
I grab the cup the whip because it
fell by the hand after this fabricio
he put a very angry angry face and
then he began to explain what
I had passed
Fabricio had a high-pitched voice that
resembled that of a pop singer
but this time I was with a weak voice and
trembling was improper from there with that
same gloomy voice was not explained all the
problem the first thing he said was luciano
you were right we should run
of the place the first thing I saw when entering
there was always
choose side and soldier but here
something strange once I chose the side
of anti-terrorist did not appear to me one of
those typical to choose appeared in
that list and as the only option to choose
I accepted but I got a huge scare
at this moment the voice of fabricio
made louder and hoarse in the list
was the name of my whole family my
mom my dad and my brothers at the beginning
I thought it would be mere chance but I
I made a mistake and I went through that long and followed
playing back then I came across
one of the enemies and he was
shaking the rifle even though I
I was just with a gun he had a
sniper rifle and I was
pointing in the face he knows that because
Fabricio had one to know where he
they pointed and then I decided to kill him with
knife to save bullets I could not
avoid seeing tears fall
I was going to kill when I killed him
a shuddering scream did not seem to come
of the stereo when I saw the name was
no more diego he lowered in a
altiro office we listen to the phone
solar I ignored that and listen to my mother
screaming call me to my brother
minor sebastián of 11 years we met
everyone and apparently was killed had
stab marks on the body and
she was crying in some way she
He said not to move from home and that
I'll be taking care of Sebastian then
I almost cried I went back to the counter
strike and what I saw left me speechless
where that person had died had
found a message in blood saying
you have already killed one, 3 are missing and you will be
freed from the chains that bind you
I did not understand and I kept playing but then
two terrorists appeared to me in the
counter strike as before I did not
they fired I heard that the
door and it was my father who came from
happy work as usual came
with a smile on his face he greeted us
to me to my brother and how he was a fan of
counter strike that like us
sat down to see how he played then
Fabricio fired on one of the
terrorists killed him with a shot in the
leg but he said he did not die for the
shot a very sharp lament
the room and we entered the three
the cold thing huge
my father was more cagón than my brother of
11 years but he said do not pay attention to him
keep playing then I shot in the
head to the terrorist that was left and my
father fell from his chair when my brother
and I raise my father we noticed that
I had a hole in my head
my brother burst into tears when he noticed
this and I vomited from the disgust that gave me that
I cried with sadness for death
of my father but when I was going to call
the police happened something curious the police
He called us and informed us that
our mother died in her car at
it seemed like something happened to his leg and
he lost control of the car
of the highway Fabrizio was insightful
so he realized that so
said is message the only way to
to finish this was to finish the bonds
and get out of the dream at least that thought
but when he went to look for Sebastian
last terrorist it turns out that in the
upper right end appeared on
suicide then he stopped
hear the cry of his little brother
he turned shakily and what he saw was
horrendous saw his brother beheaded by
a scissors in his hands and another inserted
the throat but it did not get bad in fact
he was happy and he started to laugh out loud
According to what he told me, he thought that
die all in the next game
would be resurrected as usual in the
counter strike but what he saw left him
ice cream saw that where terrorist said the
list of names was in gray as if
they were spectators then he sat down and
found the entire enemy side together and
he read when they spoke, he said because
You killed me, brother, what did I do to you?
you made me that the character came out of the
list my mother said should I see you
forbidden that game now you are a murderer
you are no longer my son the father never told me
I imagined and I was shaky I was prepared
to read the last sentence but I
He was surprised at what happened spoke by
stereo as if it had a microphone and
with the same voice of my brother's whistle
He said we are with you and we are going to take revenge
we will keep you in this house and if you leave
we killed you and then Fabricio closed the
eyes and we stopped telling my mother
She was pale as a leaf and was alarmed
Seeing Fabricio closing his eyes
burst into tears
Fabricio looked up and started to
cry blood
and he said I will achieve those ties I
I knew Fabricio well and I know what I was going
to do then jump off the table but
as he was three years older than me
He punched me in the belly and I fell
floor and this time crying and screaming
saying I'm going to finish this do not play
more to the counter strike and he killed himself with the
kitchen utensils was nailed a
fork in one eye and as I did not find
the knives the very desperate for the
pain and kept nailing the forks
and as he saw that he did not die he grabbed a
spoon and it began to hit the
throat to open my mother
I was crying scared and I could not
breathe from that punch I saw a friend
die as if nothing and I could not help
my father seeing this called the police
but he had arrived ten minutes late
it happened two years after this and now
I'm 14 like rockerito I think
this I assure you this story is
real
before finishing I wanted to send you
greetings to danielle is q díaz and jesus
canessa